Bump version + Small fix (#38)
echoromeo/hanobo: README.md

### Update configuration
* Add the following to your Home Assistant configuration file:

> With discovery:
> 
>       # Nobø Energy Control
>       climate: 
>         - platform: nobo_hub
>           host: 123 # You can use the 3 last digits if using discovery
>           # ... 
> 
> With explicit ip:
> 
>       # Nobø Energy Control
>       climate: 
>         - platform: nobo_hub
>           host: 102000054137 # The full serial number
>           ip_address: 192.168.1.30 # the IP of Hub
>           # ...
> 
> 
> Extra axample:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basic example with discovery:

      # Nobø Energy Control
      climate: 
        - platform: nobo_hub
          host: 123 # You can use the 3 last digits if using discovery

Example with explicit ip:

      # Nobø Energy Control
      climate: 
        - platform: nobo_hub
          host: 102000054137 # The full serial number
          ip_address: 192.168.1.30 # the IP of Hub

All available options:

```
